README.md, before:

# Automation [![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.6.1-brightgreen.svg?)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

Collection of my automated tasks.

> **Disclaimer**: Some of the scripts are small and may not be very useful such as [Open-essentials](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/open-essentials/essentials.py) and [Send-email](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/send-email/email.py), but are still pretty cool :).

> You might be wondering why I decided to keep [Expenses](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/expenses/expense.py) and [Income](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/income/income.py) separate, it's just my personal preference.

Install requirements:

```sh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

- [Crypto](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/crypto/crypto.py) - Notifies (sends a SMS message) when a specific cryptocurrency has lost or gained value (using IFTTT app).
- [Expenses](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/expenses/expense.py) - Adds business and personal expenses to Excel (Currently has only one `.py` file, but I will be adding more later. Current code needs you to add the expenses manually, but will automatically add them to Excel. Not ideal I know, I'll be adding a better code when I have time).
- [Git-commands](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/git-commands/commands.py) - Automates the process of using commands such as clone, commit, branch, pull, merge, blame and stash.
- [Income](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/income/income.py) - Adds income to Excel (Currently has only one `.py` file, but I will be adding more later. Current code needs you to add the income manually, but will automatically add them to Excel. Not ideal I know, I'll be adding a better code when I have time).
- [Monitor-website](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/monitor-website/web.py) - If website isn't up-and-running, sends an email and plays a sound.
- [Open-essentials](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/open-essentials/essentials.py) - Open all of the essentials for development such as websites. tools and editor.
- [Organize-files](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/organize-files/organizer.py) - Organizes files (images, audio, texts, videos and compressed files) and moves them inside specified folders.
- [Repo](https://github.com/endormi/automation/tree/master/repo) - Creates a private or public GitHub repository.
- [Selenium-testing](https://github.com/endormi/automation/tree/master/selenium-testing) - Testing website functionality using websites such as GitHub and Stack Overflow. I am testing these specific websites, because the tests are easily modified to be used with personal and/or company websites.
- [Send-email](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/send-email/email.py) - Send emails (subject, content and image attachments).
- [Tweeter](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/tweeter/tweet.py) - Write and post tweets.

## License

The source code is released under the [MIT License](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Add nfl-stats and missing git-commands elif

README.md, after:

# Automation [![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.6.1-brightgreen.svg?)](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

Collection of my automated tasks.

> **Disclaimer**: Some of the scripts are small and may not be very useful such as [Open-essentials](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/open-essentials/essentials.py) and [Send-email](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/send-email/email.py), but are still pretty cool :).

> You might be wondering why I decided to keep [Expenses](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/expenses/expense.py) and [Income](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/income/income.py) separate, it's just my personal preference.

Install requirements:

```sh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

- [Crypto](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/crypto/crypto.py) - Notifies (sends a SMS message) when a specific cryptocurrency has lost or gained value (using IFTTT app).
- [Expenses](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/expenses/expense.py) - Adds business and personal expenses to Excel (Currently has only one `.py` file, but I will be adding more later. Current code needs you to add the expenses manually, but will automatically add them to Excel. Not ideal I know, I'll be adding a better code when I have time).
- [Git-commands](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/git-commands/commands.py) - Automates the process of using commands such as clone, commit, branch, pull, merge, blame and stash.
- [Income](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/income/income.py) - Adds income to Excel (Currently has only one `.py` file, but I will be adding more later. Current code needs you to add the income manually, but will automatically add them to Excel. Not ideal I know, I'll be adding a better code when I have time).
- [NFL-stats](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/nfl-stats/stats.py) - Stats for players yards and tds (passing, rushing and receiving), also with best plays and ability to add stats to csv.
- [Monitor-website](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/monitor-website/web.py) - If website isn't up-and-running, sends an email and plays a sound.
- [Open-essentials](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/open-essentials/essentials.py) - Open all of the essentials for development such as websites. tools and editor.
- [Organize-files](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/organize-files/organizer.py) - Organizes files (images, audio, texts, videos and compressed files) and moves them inside specified folders.
- [Repo](https://github.com/endormi/automation/tree/master/repo) - Creates a private or public GitHub repository.
- [Selenium-testing](https://github.com/endormi/automation/tree/master/selenium-testing) - Testing website functionality using websites such as GitHub and Stack Overflow. I am testing these specific websites, because the tests are easily modified to be used with personal and/or company websites.
- [Send-email](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/send-email/email.py) - Send emails (subject, content and image attachments).
- [Tweeter](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/tweeter/tweet.py) - Write and post tweets.

## License

The source code is released under the [MIT License](https://github.com/endormi/automation/blob/master/LICENSE).
